For example one important thing about events is the default event object
we can listen to.
There is this event object created by the javascript or by the dom which holds some information, for example
on a click event that holds the coordinates of where this click event happened.
Now let's say we want to access this information because we might be interested in outputting the data,
so I'll quickly add a new paragraph here where I will say coordinates and I want to output the coordinates
here, so that will output the x coordinate and then let's say next to it, it will output a y coordinate.
Now of course these two don't exist so quick so I'll quickly set them up here, X and Y, and then upon hovering
over this paragraph,
I want to update these two values.
So here I can say we on mouse move
and execute update coordinates. Well let me quickly write this method down here,
update coordinates
and now I would need access to the coordinates, I would need access to this event object which gets created
automatically. Turns out it not only gets created automatically by the dom or by javascript, it also gets
passed automatically to each function we execute through this vuejs v-on binding here, vuejs
does this for us.
So here I can conveniently execute event
and of course this should be a function, tiny mistake here.
So I can conveniently pass event here and then here, I can say this X equals event, client X as it turns
out to be
and this Y event client Y, client X and client Y here are the default properties names of the event object,
has nothing to do with vuejs,
and I also rename this to update coordinates as I call it up here.
You now see once I hover over it, these coordinates here update.
This is a how we can listen to something else than a click
but b very importantly, it shows us how we can pass this event object which again is created automatically
and use it as we do here.